what up I said what up what's going on
y'all chillin chillin chillin so this is
my second time playing this map ever
forgot the name of it is on the China
rising map pack and I have to give a
shout out to Julian Ruiz he was in this
game although he was on the opposite
team and he's about to kill me right
there and his character is about the
talk trash listen take that Julian Ruiz
shout out to him that's his Twitter
handle and everything right there i will
put it in the description if i remember
he also has a youtube channel as I own
somebody with the shotgun attachment i
can't remember the name of it i will put
the name of it in the description also
also uh I'm tired of healing everybody
as a medic and nobody healing me so I
just said let me be selfish and put an
attachment on that will get me kills and
I don't need a noob tube so I think I
don't know how to use new tube there he
is again I just shot Gundam and they're
up there we go shotgun baby but this map
is very good this shotgun attachment as
good as I BAM oh oh oh what is this guys
chasing me the hip firearm Oh got him
got him this attachment is very good the
only thing is you gotta pump it you know
like like your girl you know you you
don't want her but sometimes you just
gotta Pump It pump if that made any
sense but you know you you'll understand
when you get old
but like I was saying I'm really liking
this map pack map pack and the map that
I was speaking about that reminded me of
cod4 in my previous video was Silk Road
row very good man it's a lot of clutter
but it's a leveled man you get what I'm
saying it's the only downfall of that
map to me is the UH it has a little
outskirts like a little part that
everybody can go to in the back of the
map and a lot of assault rifle guys and
snipers they go to the corner outskirts
of the map inches head glitch on the
outside other than that that map is
perfectly made it's one level and if
somebody climbs on like a roof they're
easy to get down but tell me what you
guys think of the expansion pack I
didn't play naval strike by the time you
watch this video I probably would play
naval strike by then but I'm out jive
Turkey job don't miss your board jive
Turkey live from the 21 mother fucking
five and remember rate comment and sub
job